{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red212\green212\blue212;\red252\green55\blue54;
\red222\green43\blue91;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c86275\c86275\c86275;\cssrgb\c100000\c31373\c27059;
\cssrgb\c90588\c27059\c43137;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs70 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project 2, part three\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 Now that our app is complete, it\'92s time for a quick recap what you learned, a short test to make sure you\'92ve understood what was taught, then another set of challenges \'96\'a0exercises designed to get you writing your own code as quickly as possible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 I do not provide the answers to these challenges.
\f1\b0  This is intentional: I want you to figure it out by yourself rather than just looking at someone else\'92s work.\
John Carmack once said, \'93focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.\'94\
So, I hope you will agree that trying things out for yourself, making mistakes, and finding solutions is key to learning.\

\f0\b Today you should work through the wrap up chapter for project 2, complete its review, then work through all three of its challenges.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hackingwithswift.com/read/2/6/wrap-up"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Wrap up}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hackingwithswift.com/review/hws/project-2-guess-the-flag"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Review for Project 2: Guess the Flag}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Once you\'92re done, tell other people:\'a0you\'92ve completed your first iOS game, you\'92ve passed the test, and you\'92ve even extended it with your own code.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs98 \cf2 Wrap up\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 Yes, in this project we revisited Interface Builder, Auto Layout, outlets and other things, but at the same time you've learned about @2x and @3x images, asset catalogs, 
\f2\b UIButton
\f1\b0 , 
\f2\b CALayer
\f1\b0 , 
\f2\b UIColor
\f1\b0 , random numbers, actions, 
\f2\b UIAlertController
\f1\b0 , and more.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs70 \cf2 Challenge\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs35\fsmilli17600 \cf2 One of the best ways to learn is to write your own code as often as possible, so here are three ways you should try extending this app to make sure you fully understand what\'92s going on:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Try showing the player\'92s score in the navigation bar, alongside the flag to guess.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Keep track of how many questions have been asked, and show one final alert controller after they have answered 10. This should show their final score.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When someone chooses the wrong flag, tell them their mistake in your alert message \'96 something like \'93Wrong! That\'92s the flag of France,\'94 for example.}